coming out jump right to it oh man this
was you to come down thank you team love
you guys just like to start from
actually talking to my dad a little bit
before listen I can reuse it for this
specific reason not just do something
for the program but to help not just me
personally but the same bud and bracelet
back to the national prominence supposed
to come back in and talking to people
right mean and then understanding to
talk the Brooklyn in here getting my
degree in something and also packing you
can get just from playing in traffic
Springs talking to it's this difference
after practice you're going to yourself
and ecology and I think that's something
I really don't feel like it might be
grew and come back in an alligator to
announce it to the draft and I'm
standing here you see and I want to
share so so funny
anticipation other craftsmen and what we
have no furniture I think the platform
at you and we will develop this for cost
80 or 90 95 now ten and three and being
on a team that's recognized but not
really promise with what we have coming
in and we have already as well as the
person coming back off and come back
online everybody's pretty much coming
back all the stuff is a little trying to
put together some reason so easily and
not just something just one night you'll
forget about but something more he'll be
remembered for something along the line
he told you can look back and I was a
part of that treatment in that program
was it was a second per meter foreground
the possibility of teams but first I
mean I'm sort of scattered everywhere
things that you take into account then
one of the vessels was we gonna come
back to something truly special nothing
not even it before it was what it needed
to be this way that I needed to be or
something I really you know oh but he's
my decision to death like what he's done
or the program and the coach of the main
years I think for for madness as
football passes as gotten eaten and
course that you can plan and then really
respect for what it does so that was a
huge part
what used to just have a good what you
do and have peace and understand what
you're gonna do expected after the game
after talking getting like the end
everybody's gonna back to you and you
know you can put it in the most of you
sort out this settle before you really
come to a decision maker this was not
going back to you right now but when you
in the future this decision I'm happy
and happy that I made this decision to
come back steadily and playing for her
with with my with my button with the
coaches and ending after after sorting
just looking everything 7n answer them
getting back home my head chopped into a
couple of serpents a really McClure
circle for whatever the means and then
what's really in buxton cancion and of
course we have to be angry you see
there's something I had to leave even
big because I mean from hold out for two
years I mean of the potential name a
potential mr. Mooney great is there any
one person's advice or something
actually the Franklin he told me you
don't rush George to put his grain I
mean to be part of this kind of brother
that we do some great to take just like
a beat this boar or you know to win not
rose bowl on top runs and games in which
would conversation but now to think
about these verses and in letting those
games and here's something happen they
want to be a part of so everything's
been handle this